# NBA: Hall of Fame

# Executive Summary & Abstract
Are current NBA superstars like Giannis Antetokoumpo and Steph Curry hall of fame locks? Maybe it's little too early to say so since they are still in their prime and have long way to go until their retirement. However, no one can ever really argue they are going to end up getting into the Hall of Fame due to their dominance in the league for recent years. Perhaps then, NBA fans might wonder if we could predict some particular active players' chances of getting into the HOF in the near future after their retirement.

# Research Questions
The first research question regarding the versatility approach is __What are the most important skill stats to predict the future of famers?__ As modern-era basketball has been becoming more of a "Stats-Stuffing" battle regardless of positions (players like Russell Westbrook, Lebron James, and Giannis Antetokoumpo), the standard and definition of decent players have become versatility all around. Thus, we would look for what combination of skillsets seems to be the most appropriate indicator to predict the future hall of famers. The other research question is __No matter how versatile a player is all around, can he just simply be great enough to be in the HOF if you are a pure sharpshooter?__. This separation of the two approaches to determine a player's greatness seems valid as most experts and hoopers would agree you are either a shooter or an all-around "fundamental guy" in a game of basketball. Ultimately, our main research question narrows down to __Which approach between the two provides more accurate prediction for the future hall of famers?__
